Add Swoole and Laravel Octane doc pages (#2385)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/languages/php/swoole.md

---
title: "Swoole"
weight: 8
sidebarTitle: "Swoole"
---

Swoole is a PHP extension that extends PHP core with a coroutine based asynchronous network application framework designed for building large scale concurrent systems.

Unlike PHP-FPM’s stateless operating, Swoole relies on establishing persistent connections with every user, sending and receiving data in real-time.

[Swoole](https://github.com/swoole/swoole-src) and [Open Swoole](https://openswoole.com/) are two forked libraries persuing that goal.

{{< note >}}
Swoole requires PHP 7.3+.
{{< /note >}}

> Check the documentation related to [Laravel Octane on Platform.sh](../../guides/laravel/deploy/octane.md).

Author: @CollierCZ I've also added a link to the Octane installation doc page as most Swoole users seem to be using Laravel.

{{< swoole >}}

## Use

> Override the default web server with a [custom start command](../_index.md#alternate-start-commands).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Override the default web server with a [custom start command](./_index.md#alternate-start-commands).
```

---
title: "Swoole"
weight: 8
sidebarTitle: "Swoole"
---

Swoole is a PHP extension that extends PHP core with a coroutine based asynchronous network application framework designed for building large scale concurrent systems.

Unlike PHP-FPM’s stateless operating, Swoole relies on establishing persistent connections with every user, sending and receiving data in real-time.

[Swoole](https://github.com/swoole/swoole-src) and [Open Swoole](https://openswoole.com/) are two forked libraries persuing that goal.

> {{< note theme="warning" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}
```

Swoole requires PHP 7.3+.
{{< /note >}}

> ## Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install
```

> Swoole PHP extension needs to be installed during build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the Swoole PHP extension during the build.
```

> A [script](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platformsh/snippets/main/src/install_swoole.sh) is available to ease its installation. It requires 2 parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take advantage of an [installation script](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platformsh/snippets/main/src/install_swoole.sh).
You need to pass 2 parameters:
```

>  - the Swoole project to use: `openswoole` or `swoole`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Which Swoole project to use: `openswoole` or `swoole`
```

>  - the version of the library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Which version to use
```

```yaml {location=".platform.app.yaml"}
hooks:
    build: |
        set -e
        ...
        sh <( curl -s 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platformsh/snippets/main/src/install_swoole.sh') openswoole 4.11.1
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use
```

> The default web server should be overriden by a [custom start command](./_index.md#alternate-start-commands). Your application should listen the TCP socket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Override the default web server with a [custom start command](../../../languages/php/_index.md#alternate-start-commands).
Octane should listen on a TCP socket.
```
